# GoldCrest
# Documentation guidelines
## Overview
This document specifies how documentation should be written, stored and processed for the project.

## Location
All documentation is stored with the code inside the repository. This version of documentation is the
most recent and should be consulted first if in doubt. Documentation will be also stored in a web page, to be done.
All documentation regarding issues, milestones and other github related stuff is stored in relevant github services
for the project.

All documentation is in the doc/ folder. Autogenerated documentation follows the source code folder structure
and is located at TBD

## Issue documentation
All issues have to have a relevant and user readable name. Pasting error message is not acceptable. Error message can
and should be pasted into the description, along with steps needed to reproduce in case of bug.
Every issue is given an issue number. That number is used elsewhere to associate commits and branches with the issue
for easy tracking.

## Code documentation
Code is documented using doxygen, and so code has to be commented using specific format.

All classes, member variables and methods have to be documented with an appropriate comment. It is not acceptable for
to merge undocumented code.

Below you can find the guidelines as to how exactly format docstrings.

### Class documentation
TBD

### Method documentation
TBD

## File formats
All guidelines and hand written documents are written in markdown.
All diagrams are in the xml format made using diagrams.net.
All raster images are in png, all vector images are in svg.

Rasterized images for both diagrams and vector images are kept with all the other images in doc/images
and are of png format.

Auto generated documentation is in TBD
